## shows/archive/2002

lucie played some shows in 2002.  for lucie's current touring
schedule see the [shows][8] page.

  [8]: ?p=shows


* * * * *

### Tasmania

**Saturday 28th December 2002**.  
Trout. North Hobart.

**Thursday 26th December 2002**.  
The Royal Oak Hotel. Launceston.


* * * * *

### Victoria

**Sunday 15th December 2002**.  
The Empress Hotel  
with Milk and Monica Weightman.

**Friday 6th December 2002**.  
The Five Flags Hotel Main Rd, Campbell's Creek.

**Sunday 1st December 2002**.  
The Empress Hotel  
with Milk and Monica Weightman.


* * * * *

### Tour of NSW & ACT

**Tuesday 26th November 2002**.  
Songlines against Landmines Lyneham, ACT.  
with Pete Lyon, Alison Procter and Fred Smith.

**Saturday 23rd November 2002**.  
The Tea Club Nowra.  
with Denise Thomas.

**Thursday 21st November 2002**.  
The Hideaway Cafe Wollongong.

**Tuesday 19th November 2002**.  
The Hotel Hollywood. Surry Hills, Sydney.  
with Genna Pyewacket.

**Thursday 14th November 2002**.  
The Northern Star Hotel. Newcastle.

**Saturday 9th November 2002**.  
The Cool Creek Cafe. Bellingen.  
with Jodi Martin.

**Thursday 7th November 2002**.  
The Railway Friendly Bar. Byron Bay.

**Tuesday 5th November 2002**.  
The New Tattersalls Hotel. Lismore.  
with Jodi Martin.

**Saturday 2nd November 2002**.  
The Candelo Bowling Club. Candelo.  
with Pete Wild and Heath Cullen.


* * * * *

### Victoria

**Saturday 26th October 2002**.  
Sprout Lake Connewarre.  
weekend wetlands project.

**Wednesday 23rd October 2002**.  
The Empress Hotel  
with Monica Weightman and Milk.

**Thursday 10th October 2002**.  
303. High St, Northcote.  
with Monica Weightman.

**Thursday 3rd October 2002**.  
303. High St, Northcote.  
with Milk.


* * * * *

### Tour of Tasmania with Milk.

**Sunday 15th September 2002**.  
The Royal Oak Hotel. Brisbane St, Launceston.

**Saturday 14th September 2002**.  
The Supper Room. Cygnet Town Hall, Cygnet.

**Friday 13th September 2002**.  
Trout. North Hobart.

**Thursday 12th September 2002**.  
The Republic Bar. North Hobart.

**Wednesday 11th September 2002**.  
Uni of Tas. The Ref Steps, Hobart campus.

**Sunday 8th September 2002**.  
The Catching Pen. Deloraine Hotel, Deloraine.

**Saturday 7th September 2002**.  
The Royal Oak Hotel. Brisbane St, Launceston.

**Friday 6th September 2002**.  
The Alexander Hotel. Devonport. 9pm.

**Thursday 5th September 2002**.  
Launceston College. Paterson St, Launceston.


* * * * *

**Friday 23rd August 2002**.  
The Merry Muse. Canberra North Bowling Club, ACT.

**Friday 16th August 2002**.  
The Candelo Bowling Club. Candelo, NSW.

**Wednesday 7th August 2002**.  
The Odeon. La Trobe University, Bundoora. for a Forests Banquet &
Info night.

**Saturday 3rd August 2002**.  
The Cornish Arms. Sydney Rd, Brunswick.  
with Milk, plus Monica Weightman and the Long Way Mbira band.  
A special event *farewell fundraiser* for lucie's tour of Tasmania
with Milk in September, and launch of their limited edition split
EP reels & roads.


* * * * *

**Saturday 22nd June 2002**.  
Shanty Town Studios. Cnr Brunswick Rd & Nicholson St, Brunswick
East. Benefit for students & sustainability conference.

**Friday 21st June 2002**.  
The Empress Hotel. North Fitzroy. Benefit for 3CR's girlie is
good,  
with Monica Weightman & Kate Hosking, Milk, and Hissyfit.

**Friday 14th June 2002**.  
The Planet Cafe. Upstairs, Brunswick St, Fitzroy.  
with Milk, Somewhere Hiding and Anna-leisa.

**Thursday 6th June 2002**.  
The House of Fools. Footscray.  
with Milk and Somewhere Hiding.


* * * * *

**Thursday 16th May 2002**.  
North Court. Melbourne Uni, Parkville. for Green Week.

**Saturday 4th May 2002**.  
Railway Hotel. Brunswick. Benefit for Irene, community
arts/activist centre.

**Thursday 2nd May 2002**.  
Dan O'Connell Hotel. Carlton.  
with Carl Pannuzzo and Sophie Raymond.


* * * * *

**Sunday 28th April 2002**.  
The Rooftop Cafe. Victoria St, Fitzroy.  
with Tully and Jess Mcavoy.

**Wednesday 24th April 2002**.  
The Empress Hotel. Fitzroy North.  
with Kim Dellavedova and Milk.

**Friday 19th April. CD Launch 2002.** Launch of lucie's new full
length album botticelli blue eyes at the [Trades Hall Bar][9],
Carlton  
with guests including Kim Dellevadova, Tom Hall and Will Guthrie.

**Sunday 14th April 2002**.  
Dandenong Ranges Cultural Centre Glenfern Rd, Upwey.

  [9]: http://www.tradeshallarts.com.au

* * * * *

**Sunday 24th March 2002**.  
Empress Hotel. Benefit for Friends of the Earth.

**Thursday 21st March 2002**.  
Mojo's Bar. North Fremantle, W.A.

**March 1-4 2002 2002**.  
Nannup Music Festival Nannup, Western Australia.

**Wed 6th February 2002**.  
The Empress Hotel. Fitzroy North.

**Mon 7th January 2002**.  
The Punters Club. Fitzroy.

