## shows/archive/2003

lucie played some shows in 2003. for lucie's current touring schedule
see the [shows][8] page.

  [8]: shows


* * * * *

### Tasmania

**Sunday 28th December 2003**.  
The Side Bar. Deloraine.  
with Emma Wild and Kay Lincoln.


* * * * *

### Victoria

**Sunday 14th December 2003**.  
Pony. Little Collins St, Melbourne.


* * * * *

### ACT

**Saturday 6th December 2003**.  
Tilley's Devine Cafe. Lyneham.  
a benefit gig for the Save The Ridge campaign.  
with Dubba Rukki, Simone Penkethman, Pete Lyon and The Warehouse
Circus.  
[www.savetheridge.org.au][9]

  [9]: http://www.savetheridge.org.au/

* * * * *

### Victoria

**Saturday 22nd November 2003**.  
LADYFEST Acoustica. The Rob Roy Hotel, Fitzroy.  
with Jen Cloher, Asparagus and the Dispotic Lychee, girlfriday and
more...  
[LADYFEST melbourne][10]

  [10]: http://www.ladyfestmelbourne.com/

* * * * *

### NSW & ACT

**14th -16th November 2003**.  
Music at the Creek Festival. Braidwood.  
[festival details][11]

**Thursday 13th November 2003**.  
in a backyard in Canberra.  
[please contact tvfh@incanberra.com.au for details/tickets]  
with Heath Cullen, Nigel Featherstone and Justin Heazlewood.  
this is a fundraiser gig for an international development
assistance volunteer placement in India.

**Monday 10th November 2003**.  
The Cat and Fiddle Hotel. Darling St, Balmain, Sydney.  
with Brett Wood, The Ridiculous Sublime, Nina Stamell and
Christopher Albert.

**Saturday 8th November 2003**.  
The Tea Club. Berry St, Nowra.  
with Bridie O'Brien and Heath Cullen.

**Friday 7th November 2003**.  
The Bowling Club. Candelo.  
with Heath Cullen.

  [11]: http://www.musicatthecreek.com/

* * * * *

### Victoria

**Friday 31st October 2003**.  
Reclaim the Night. Geelong.  
lucie will be playing at the Rally (in The Mall from 6pm)  
and also at the after-party: The Railway Hotel. La Trobe Tce.

**Saturday 25th October 2003**.  
303. Northcote.  
with Erica Pringle and MILK.  
benefit for survivors of sexual assult VOICES collective.

**Wednesday 22nd October 2003**.  
The Clifton Hill Hotel. Clifton Hill.

**Thursday 16th October 2003**.  
The Empress Hotel. North Fitzroy.  
with Sime Nugent and Kim Dellavedova.


* * * * *

### September - October - Touring England:

**Monday 6th October 2003**.  
Tinderbox Espresso Emporium. Upper Street, Islington, London.

**Saturday 4th October 2003**.  
The White Swan. Blackheath Road, Greenwich, London.  
with Tom Hall.

**Saturday 20th September 2003**.  
The Prince Albert. Rodborough Hill, Stroud.  
with Tom Hall.

**Friday 19th September 2003**.  
Doolally's. Walcot Street, Bath.  
with Tom Hall.

**Thursday 18th September 2003**.  
The Golden Fleece. Nelson St, Stroud.  
with Tom Hall.

**Thursday 11th September 2003**.  
The Bedford. 77 Bedford Hill, Balham, London.


* * * * *

### July - August - Touring Canada & USA:

### New York

**Tuesday 26th August 2003**.  
The Cutting Room. 19 West 24th Street, New York.

**Sunday 24th August 2003**.  
CB's Gallery. 313 Bowery, New York.

### Ontario

**Saturday 16th August 2003**.  
Paddy's Pub. cnr of Stone and Water Sts, Gananoque.

**Wednesday 13th August 2003**.  
Cameron House. 408 Queen St West, Toronto.  
with Claire Jenkins.

### Quebec

**Friday 8th August 2003**.  
Barfly. Saint Laurant Ave, Montreal.  
with Claire Jenkins.

### Ontario

**Thursday 7th August 2003**.  
Rasputins Folk Cafe. 696 Bronson Ave, Ottawa.  
with Claire Jenkins.

### Alberta

**Sunday 3rd August 2003**.  
Karma Local Art House. 2139 33 Ave, Marda Loop, Calgary.

**Wednesday 30th July 2003**.  
House Concert. Calgary.

### British Columbia

**Sunday 27th July 2003**.  
The Backstage Lounge. Granville Island.  
with Jenica Rayne.

**Friday 25th - Sunday 27th July 2003**.  
The Islands Folk Festival. Duncan, Vancouver Island.  
[festival details][12]

**Sunday 20th July 2003**.  
Lasqueti Island Women's Folk Festival. Lasqueti Island.

**Thursday 17th July 2003**.  
The George Hall. Cortes Island.  
with Jenica Rayne.

**Tuesday 15th July 2003**.  
Cottage Bistro. 4468 Main St, Vancouver.  
with Jenica Rayne.

  [12]: http://www.folkfest.bc.ca/

### California

**Friday 11th July 2003**.  
Epic Arts Studios. 1923 Ashby Ave, Berkeley.  
with Sean Hayes.

**Tuesday 8th July 2003**.  
House Concert. Berkeley.

### Australia


* * * * *

### Victoria

**Saturday 21st June 2003**.  
The Cornish Arms Hotel. Sydney Rd, Brunswick.  
with Kim Dellevadova and Monica Weightman.

**Friday 20th June 2003**.  
Local and Live with Richard Fields.  
12pm. 3CR Community Radio. 855am Melbourne.

**Monday 16th June 2003**.  
Local and/or General. with Ryan Egan.  
11pm. 3RRR. 102.7fm Melbourne.


* * * * *

### ACT

**Saturday 14th June 2003**.  
Tilley's Devine Cafe. Lyneham.  
with Jodi Martin.


* * * * *

### NSW

**Friday 13th June 2003**.  
Yuin Folk Club. Cobargo. School of Arts Hall.  
with Pete Wild and Heath Cullen.

**Saturday 7th June 2003**.  
Music Deli with Paul Petran. ABC Radio National.


* * * * *

### Victoria

**Thursday 5th June 2003**.  
303. 303 High St, Northcote.  
with Long Way Mbira and Kim Dellevadova.

**Sunday 1st June 2003**.  
The Boundary Hotel. Bendigo

### East Coast Tour

**Saturday 10th May 2003**.  
The Merry Muse. Canberra North Bowling Club.  
with The View From Here.

**Friday 9th May** The Tea Club. Nowra.  
with Erika's Jive.

**Wednesday 7th May 2003**.  
The Duck Pond Lawn. University of Wollongong.

**Tuesday 6th May 2003**.  
The Cat and Fiddle. Balmain, Sydney.  
with Liz Frencham (Jigzag) and Brett Wood.

**Tuesday 6th May 2003**.  
The Alumni Green. UTS city campus.

**Sunday 4th May 2003**.  
The Harp Hotel. Tempe, Sydney.  
with Jodi Martin.

**Friday 2nd May 2003**.  
Cool Creek Cafe. Bellingen.  
with Jodi Martin and Luke Rhodes.

**Tuesday 29th April 2003**.  
The Railway Friendly Bar. Byron Bay.

**Tuesday 29th April 2003**.  
The Plaza. Southern Cross Uni, Lismore.

**Saturday 26th April 2003**.  
The Channon Tea House. The Channon.  
with Terri Nicholson.

**Friday 25th April 2003**.  
The New Tattersalls Hotel. Lismore.  
with Jodi Martin and Juzzy Smith.

### ACT

**17th - 21st April.** National Folk Festival. Canberra.  
with Eric Bogle, Kate Burke & Ruth Hazleton, Roy Bailey, Mick
Thomas & the Sure Thing, and more and more...  
[festival details][13]

  [13]: http://www.folkfestival.asn.au/

* * * * *

### Victoria

**Sunday 6th April 2003**.  
The Empress Hotel. Nicholson St, North Fitzroy.  
with Kim Dellavedova and Rachel Cooper.

**Thursday 3rd April 2003**.  
Five Flags Hotel. Campbell's Creek.  
with Caithlin Meave, Elizabeth Stewart, Bridget Robertson.

**Thursday 27th March 2003**.  
303. 303 High St, Northcote.  
with Carl Pannuzzo, Mal Webb and Monica Weightman.


* * * * *

### Tasmania

**21th - 23rd March 2003**.  
h.e.a.r.t.h.e.a.r.t festival. Forest Hill Road, Judbury.


* * * * *

### Victoria

**Thursday 20th March 2003**.  
303. 303 High St, Northcote.  
with Milk and Carl Pannuzzo.


* * * * *

### Western Australia

**Saturday 8th March 2003**.  
International Women's Day Dance. North Perth Town Hall.

**Saturday 8th March 2003**.  
Perth Cultural Centre. IWD rally. 12.30pm

**Friday 7th March 2003**.  
The Oak Lawn. University of WA. International Women's Day concert.
**Friday 7th March 2003**.  
RTR 92.1 FM. live-to-air and interview. 11.10am.

**Thursday 6th March 2003**.  
Sail and Anchor. Fremantle.  
with Blanche Dubois.

**Wednesday 5th March 2003**.  
The Rosemount Hotel. North Perth.  
with Lara Stephen, Looweeze D'Ath and Diana Ditch.

**Tuesday 4th March 2003**.  
Mojo's Bar. North Fremantle.  
with Ember Swift and Blanche Dubois.

**28th Feb - 3rd March 2003**.  
Nannup Folk Festival. Nannup.  
with Joe Camilleri, Margaret Roadknight, Jigzag, Ember Swift and
more...


* * * * *

### NSW

**21st - 23rd February 2003**.  
Cobargo Folk Festival. Cobargo.  
with Kerrianne Cox, The Fagans, Totally Gordgeous, Pete Wild and
Heath Cullen...

**Thursday 20th February 2003**.  
Club Acoustica. La Bar, Darlinghurst.

**Tuesday 18th February 2003**.  
The Hotel Hollywood. Surry Hills.  
with [Holly Throsby][14].

**Saturday 15th February 2003**.  
The Tea Club. Nowra.  
with Erika's Jive.

  [14]: http://www.hollythrosby.com

* * * * *

### Victoria

**Friday 7th February 2003**.  
The Planet Cafe. Fitzroy.  
with Lillian Thoms and Coby Demaria.

**Saturday 18th January 2003**.  
The Hibernian Hotel. Beechworth.

